com/example/dindinn/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemItemBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemItemBinding
com/example/dindinn/BR.java
 com.example.dindinn.BR
com/example/dindinn/databinding/FragmentIncredientBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.FragmentIncredientBindingImpl
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ActivityIncredientBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ActivityIncredientBindingImpl
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemIncredientBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemIncredientBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemAddonBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemAddonBindingImpl
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemItemBindingImpl
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ActivitySplashBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ActivitySplashBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/dindinn/utils/JsonSerializer.java
 com.example.dindinn.utils.JsonSerializer
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemAddonBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemAddonBinding
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemOrderBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemOrderBinding
com/example/dindinn/databinding/FragmentIncredientBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.FragmentIncredientBinding
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/dindinn/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.dindinn.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.dindinn.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/dindinn/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.dindinn.BuildConfig
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemIncredientBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemIncredientBindingImpl
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ItemOrderBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ItemOrderBindingImpl
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ActivityIncredientBinding.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ActivityIncredientBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/dindinn/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.dindinn.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/dindinn/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.dindinn.DataBindingTriggerClass
